{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf140
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14320\viewh14500\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1120\fi-20\ri2240\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1120\fi-20\ri2240\pardirnatural

\fs40 \cf0 About this Resource
\fs36 \
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\tx6980\tx7140\tx7360\li1120\fi-20\ri1660\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 This is an App Icon Template that, through Smart Objects in Photoshop, attempts to automate the process of rendering the expanding amount of sizes that needs to be bundled with iOS Apps. \
\
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1120\fi-20\ri2240\pardirnatural

\fs40 \cf0 How to use this
\fs36 \
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\tx6980\tx7140\tx7360\li1120\fi-20\ri1660\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 Edit the 1024x1024 Smart Object named 'Edit me & save'. This opens the Icon.psb file - create your artwork in this canvas. After saving the Icon.psb, the multiple sizes in the Main PSD file should automatically be rendered. Use the Photoshop Actions  (App Icon Template [4.0].atn) that came in the same folder as the main psd to export your icon files.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1120\fi-20\ri2240\pardirnatural

\fs40 \cf0 Some words on scaling & artifacts
\fs36 \
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\tx6980\tx7140\tx7360\li1120\fi-20\ri1660\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 When something is scaled in Photoshop chances are you\'92ll get aliasing artifacts, jagged edges and an overall reduction in quality. This is particularly noticeable when what you are scaling has high contrast areas (shadows and highlights close to each other). To somewhat combat this, I\'92ve created a new way of scaling content for the final export action. Instead of saving out each of the sliced sizes you see in the template, it\'92ll resample the largest icon with a bicupic algorithm. What this means is that the multiple sizes you\'92re seeing auto generated in the template is just a preview and not the actual product. The final exported versions will look better. The new export actions save to your OS X desktop. You\'92ll also still find the old legacy slice-based exports in the actions file - they save with a dialog box so you can choose a location and their output is slightly sharper, ie. more prone to aliasing issues. Judge for yourself and use the export option you think makes the most sense. Bicubic scaling currently only works on OS X.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\tx6980\tx7140\tx7360\li1120\fi-20\ri1660\pardirnatural

\fs40 \cf0 What is the AppIcon.appiconset folder?
\fs24 \
If you\'92re not a developer, don\'92t worry about it. If you are: you\'92re welcome.\

\fs36 \
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1120\fi-20\ri2240\pardirnatural

\fs40 \cf0 License
\fs24 \
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\tx6980\tx7140\tx7360\li1120\fi-20\ri1660\pardirnatural
\cf0 This icon template is completely royalty free and you can\
use it in any project you want, personal 
\i or
\i0  commercial. All i ask is that you please don't redistribute the template itself.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1120\fi-20\ri2240\pardirnatural

\fs40 \cf0 Disclaimer, Bugs & Suggestions
\fs24 \
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\tx6980\tx7140\tx7360\li1120\fi-20\ri1660\pardirnatural
\cf0 I've tried to make this as precise as possible, but If you find any errors or just want to get in contact please shoot me an email at 
\b desk [at] pixelresort.com
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1120\fi-20\ri2240\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
I hope this helps you create awesome icons.\
\
Kind Regards,\
\pard\tx566\tx960\tx960\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1120\fi-20\ri2240\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Michael Flarup		\
@flarup\

\i\b0 pixelresort.com}